does Zac P redirect damage get double amped by Riftmaker?  it might not depending on the ordering

handle champion exclusion filters
 - main concern here is every value that gets added results in less usability regarding templates
 - could potentially extract the current trigger to a separate variable within a larger struct, but then that increases complexity in the data itself
 - probably for the best tho as we'll be able to use templates for targeting flags as well?
	 - might be able to add this to sources as well so that non-champion Smite doesn't list champion interactions?

add attack effects handling

add colloq support (so that searching "tabis" will return "steelcaps", but also allow for "asol" vs "aurelionsol" vs "aurelion sol" [with a space])

add a way to link triggers and sources to each other, essentially it should be able to see that Vayne Q will pass for Tabis trigger, then also see that it will pass for Luden's and Bork triggers, which will then map to Luden's and Bork damage, and then add those damages into the Tabis trigger list, with a special hover note like "if triggered by something else"
 - this can then be used as a way to get non-onhit proc damage like Corrupting Pot out of the Tabi's list
 - this will break the current optimization of "only calculate triggers when you try to expand them" since that works in isolation
 - however, it's possible the previous excessive load times would return by checking every source with every trigger again
 - it's also possible that load time was due to the trigger results being inserted into the page then hidden, requiring the HTML to rebuild itself
 - it's possible that we could avoid that by holding the results outside of the page and only inserting into the page when expanded?
 - as a last resort we could also have it prebuild trigger data locally and push that as a separate data table

convert checkboxes to images for consistency with different browsers (same with the link text color override)

add a "none" tags filter option

add an option to make checkboxes an AND or an OR



check Aphelios Infernum splash with Tabi's (tags.BasicAttack and tags.Proc)
check Randuin's ("if tags.BasicAttack and IsCrit?"), maybe also put a "can crit" trait? (Rengar Q should also be visual crit only?)




Manaflow Band checks for tags.ActiveSpell in QWER (no P)

Urgot - P special case
Zeri - P special case (regardless of charge?  or does it count as Q?)

Corki - PW works (counts as W)
Illaoi - W slam doesn't work, E slam doesn't work (regardless of clone or target), E slow does work
Senna - nvm

Ivern - W passive works

Blitzcrank - R passive doesn't work (used to pre-Renata?)
Fizz - W passive doesn't work, active does
Tristana - E passive works
Jax - R passive doesn't work
Zoe - passive works, items/summoners from W works
Vayne - Q works

Elise - P spiders work (do they count as R?)